okay so here I have put the giraffe on a
platform and this is just rolled out
fondant and I got this Thor cutter and I
just made an impression on it I'm gonna
show you how to make the legs and I just
made these ahead of time so we can move
forward faster and here I have my ball
for the lake and we're just gonna work
this and make it smooth again you want
to make a log roll it into a ball and
then start pressing down so you get a
like a cone shaped long cone shape we're
going to make this round here because
here's where we're gonna put the brown
part of the giraffe and you just kind of
want to see where it's gonna it's gonna
be and that looks pretty good we have
our brown piece here and we're gonna
roll it now I use water to connect all
these pieces you can use whatever you're
comfortable with gum glue and a lot of
people use that I just use plain water
and that seems to work for me we're
gonna press down if your hands get a
little sticky add some shortening and
just with the back of a knife we're just
gonna press to make that make that part
of the giraffe and here I said it's up
to you if you want to add these lines I
like them because they just make I just
like the way that looks again I'm going
to add water to this side so we can
stick this on there and then you're just
gonna press press it in so you get it
you don't want it to be thick on this
side this is where the legs coming out
okay so we got two legs now we're gonna
make the arm and it's the same process
you're just going to make a ball make up
a long cone again or a long log if you
want to call it press down on this side
we're gonna press down a little bit just
so you can see where his arms gonna
start and again when you kind of just
measure it here and everything still
fresh so you can move the legs if you
need to that seems about right
and we're gonna put the brown part on
roll it
press it in
and then we're going to mark it again
see one of my front is my friend
and again I'm gonna put those little
dance in here gonna add water yeah we're
gonna touch and this is a little bit
long so you can always come in and cut
it you're not gonna be able to see this
part since it's gonna be covered with
either a bowl or a little tag on the top
or even though the face is gonna cover
it so you press down and you're about
done this is the body and we're gonna
start with the face and you just turn it
around make sure everything's pressed in
now add more water there just press it
in so it's all attached and we have the
front of the giraffe